README.md, before:

# Github project landing page

Github landing page is a theme for [Hugo](http://gohugo.io) to create landing pages for github projects. This theme is based on [landing-page-hugo](https://github.com/crakjie/landing-page-hugo)

# Demo
A demo can be find here [Swiftline](http://swiftline.github.io)

# Screenshot
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oarrabi/github-project-landing-page/master/images/screenshot.png)

# Costumization
Check [config.toml](https://github.com/oarrabi/github-project-landing-page/blob/master/exampleSite/config.toml) for available configuration. 
Below is a description for each of them.

Project description appears after project name
```
    description = "Amazing project."
```

`author_url` a link of the project author.
`project_url` link to project url
`project_documentation` link to project documentation

```
    author_url = "http://nsomar.com"
    project_url = "http://github.com/swiftline/swiftline"
    project_documentation = "http://swiftline.github.io/docs"

```

`github_user_name` github author account name
`github_project_name` github project name
```    
    github_project_name = "swiftline"
    github_user_name = "swiftline"
```

Theme colors
```    
    first_color="#f8f8f8"
    first_border_color="#e7e7e7"
    first_text_color="#333"

    second_color="white"
    second_text_color="#333"

    header_color="#f8f8f8"
    header_text_color="rgb(51, 51, 51)"

    header_link_color="#777"
    header_link_hover_color="rgb(51, 51, 51)"

```

Commit message:

Add author_name for defining the link text in the author URL.

README.md, after:

# Github project landing page

Github landing page is a theme for [Hugo](http://gohugo.io) to create landing pages for github projects. This theme is based on [landing-page-hugo](https://github.com/crakjie/landing-page-hugo)

# Demo
A demo can be find here [Swiftline](http://swiftline.github.io)

# Screenshot
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oarrabi/github-project-landing-page/master/images/screenshot.png)

# Costumization
Check [config.toml](https://github.com/oarrabi/github-project-landing-page/blob/master/exampleSite/config.toml) for available configuration. 
Below is a description for each of them.

Project description appears after project name
```
    description = "Amazing project."
```

`author_url` a link of the project author.
`author_name` the author's name, used in the link to the author's page.
`project_url` link to project url
`project_documentation` link to project documentation

```
    author_url = "http://nsomar.com"
    project_url = "http://github.com/swiftline/swiftline"
    project_documentation = "http://swiftline.github.io/docs"

```

`github_user_name` github author account name
`github_project_name` github project name
```    
    github_project_name = "swiftline"
    github_user_name = "swiftline"
```

Theme colors
```    
    first_color="#f8f8f8"
    first_border_color="#e7e7e7"
    first_text_color="#333"

    second_color="white"
    second_text_color="#333"

    header_color="#f8f8f8"
    header_text_color="rgb(51, 51, 51)"

    header_link_color="#777"
    header_link_hover_color="rgb(51, 51, 51)"

```
